We Lanlan are capable
This 100 billion order was finally won.
The first payment from the Shen family also came in.
Hahaha
Wait a minute, our Gao family can finally sit back and relax
Xu Wenjie, that trash
Even if Shen Wansan is cured by mistake
But he doesn't have the ability to take it
It has to be our CEO
Now our Gao Group
Can be promoted to a first-class enterprise in Yuncheng
Who is it that trespassed into our Gao family?
What did our Gao family offend you?
You are going to kill
Oh, hero, forgive me.
Our Lan Lan has long divorced Xu Wenjie
main operation
The Lord has long expected that you will treat the director of the Gao family
Unexpectedly, it turned out to be the famous Yin and Yang Double Evil
Jiuyou Pavilion is really a big handle.
You are not gods or ghosts
The spirit wolf will replace the rebellious big brother you received more than 500,000
Kill the master
Youth battlefield